hello to all and all these news the
009 and I will show you the second
part of the blade assassin's creed in
paper here so once you have
done is if you are going to need to have some
wire it's the most competent that
to complicate raging there
hands I believe good for the thread I
had already done another one for a video
but I did a little poorly so
this one I'll take the scissors or
I loved them scissors I do not know to
this one down there says it on my ass like
by chance excuse me here is a
loop what are we going to attack the loop the
by then to do like this to do
take out the blade so you take the wire
as if you finally bend we just
to make a nickel that goes instead of
make a knot you have to take them the
scotch here is who knows if he speaks
of the internet and what do they have with
internet on facebook on facebook
I do not like finished why
finally if it's me I like but I
I'm not too facebook anyway so
that's it now you're hurting yourself
take a piece of Scotch in large enough
here you are the job here here as
this is as seized then you
put
the coach walhalla nicole good like that
you 'll have it sort of out now
we have our lady finally our blade of 7
all you have to do is put the stuff
to put it here to hang around
I will do the third part for
details and that's what there is worse
will have someone who will be able to do them
even better since as a means done
just a video to show you this
that I already said but there are people
who still seek that I stay
but it's a friend who gets me right from the body
who gave me this idea of his voice
the dif ludi he can do it
out to go I like I
the know a friend who is super nice ass
here is the scotch so we take the scotch
with big laces butt so here you are
have your thing a little adjustable which
laughter so here is I put a little bit of
aside his doing it on purpose I believe I
their right teacher here I am handed
right is better so look at it
how did I put it like this
now you will resume at
mabuchi love each other the same size
about pretty much I said what you
go complicated to take the rule
nanani nanana here
it's not very big I think I'm going
take to another
it will be a goal hardly better have known
that I had already done we would come back
still my bed there a little it's a
little brothel on wait for second
and will make you wait
wall ag find the end here is this
it's better anyway so we pick up
we try to find the middle we take
the scotch tac tac tac tac
then coach you and that's our lady
is finished so you can put some
gems comments and subscribers
especially the most important is you
subscribe to my channel and then that's it
look how does that make it super
well finally here is the lady she will be
hung well su well here will not be hung
on your wrist like that thanks to the wires
then thank you for watching the
two videos and I'm going to do the
third soon and then for the
details